* Most photographs come from my own personal collection.

* Extracts from UCI machine learning database only occur in
ApproxMat/secRegular.  Have checked the citation
requirements for all.  Seems OK.  Only list subsets of a
couple of databases.

* Extracts from Wikipedia:  cited reasonable sources for the
information, but kept the Wikipedia citation because the
quotes are from what wikipedia writes. Done Vector/ch,
secFind, secIncon, secOps, secRegular, secRelate, secSolve,
secSubsp, secVecs

* Other photos? only jpg or png; no gif, jpeg

./EigGen/Mirza_zaza.jpg --- direct from Wikipedia but is not
in the OUP version of the book

./ApproxMat/Lovelace_Ada.jpg --- in secRelate, cited from
http://www.maa.org/sites/default/files/images/upload_library
/46/Portraits/Lovelace_Ada.jpg  
Frank J. Swetz appears to be author of the Portrait Gallery,
https://www.maa.org/press/periodicals/convergence/images-for
-classroom-use/portrait-gallery-a-m  Requested permission
through
http://www.pages.drexel.edu/~sas496/final/contact.html  But
actually maybe should have sent to  saswetz@gmail.com  
Have now done so on 26 Sep 2019.  Got no response at all by
22 Oct, so removed Ada images from the book.

./ApproxMat/euler1737.png --- in secRelate, cited from
http://eulerarchive.maa.org/portraits/portraits.html 
Eric Tou, etou@uw.edu, looks after the archive so requested
permission / advice from him.  Emailed Russian archive for
permission on 1st Oct, image.licensing@arts-museum.ru.
They want some money, so now have changed to my own image of
a bust of Pascal.

./ApproxMat/steganographic.png --- generated by my code
steganographic.m it is nearly but not quite the same as
Lovelace_Ada.jpg  So, removed this one as well---unless I change it to Pascal?

